# GitHub Action Video Issue Analyzer

This GitHub Action runs all video assets in an issue body through a LLM model to analyze the content.
The default behavior is to summarize and extract task items but this can be customized through the `prompt` input.

## Inputs

- `prompt`: Custom prompt to use for the LLM model. If not provided, a default prompt will be used.
- `github_token`: GitHub token with `models: read` permission at least. **(required)**
- `debug`: Enable debug logging.

## Usage

Add the following to your step in your workflow file:

```yaml
uses: pelikhan/action-genai-video-issue-analyzer@main
with:
  github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

## Example

```yaml
name: My action
on:
    push:
permissions:
    contents: read
    issues: write
    # pull-requests: write
    models: read
concurrency:
    group: ${{ github.workflow }}-${{ github.ref }}
    cancel-in-progress: true
jobs:
  run-script:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: pelikhan/action-genai-video-issue-analyzer@main
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

## Development

This action was automatically generated by GenAIScript from the script metadata.
We recommend updating the script metadata instead of editing the action files directly.

- the action inputs are inferred from the script parameters
- the action outputs are inferred from the script output schema
- the action description is the script title
- the readme description is the script description
- the action branding is the script branding

To **regenerate** the action files (`action.yml`, `Dockerfile`, `README.md`, `package.json`, `.gitignore`), run:

```bash
npm run configure
```

> [!CAUTION]
> This will overwrite any changes you made to these files!

To lint script files, run:

```bash
npm run lint
```

To typecheck the scripts, run:
```bash
npm run typecheck
```

To build the Docker image locally, run:
```bash
npm run docker:build
```

To run the action locally in Docker (build it first), use:
```bash
npm run docker:start
```

To run the action using [act](https://nektosact.com/), first install the act CLI:

```bash
npm run act:install
```

Then, you can run the action with:

```bash
npm run act
```

## Upgrade

The GenAIScript version is pinned in the `package.json` file. To upgrade it, run:

```bash
npm run upgrade
```
